content-warnings:
[empty]

post:
5/20 actually I lied there's 20 pictures so this is the last one.

hang on that's weird if there's four pictures per slide, and the first one had 
the first dedicated to the full image, wonder what happened inbetween? weird,
there's nothing on the record that says - oh, wait, there it is, three for the
first one, four makes seven, then four more is eleven and then fifteen then 
these last three are... wait hang on that's even fewer. can you check it again?
yeah sure no problem [doesn't]

EDIT: I was wrong there were only 19 pictures, my bad hehe

1:
17. green, the color of growth and renewal, the color of home and our source of
fuel, is cast upon a stark black background. white starlight is the color of
text, and it reads in big bold colors, like the beginning of a star wars film 
where the text crawls past (and isn't narrated, which is frustrating but hey the
music's supposed to convey all that stuff. and it can be read out afterwards if 
you want.)

the text reads: "we can do whatever we want on this planet we call earth. - we 
could burn it to cinders, we could lose it in mirth. - life has no ending, no 
permanent abaddon. - and time is immeasurable, when talking about mill [here the
text is cut off, and it could read "millions" or "millenia" either way would
make sense] but the text continues, and reads "ns of people who are miserable. -
we can build a dear future" with "dear future" sliding down, as if to direct the
user's attention to the conclusion of the image. -

"just one byte at a time." this last text is above a computer lab, or perhaps an
altar to the gods of astronomy, a palace that we build out of marble as a
testament to the honor we have for the gods. I think just about every religion
would appreciate such a common purpose, as long as it's not taken to the 
extreme. the pictured shrine is small, like the size of the mall of america. but
still it's a place for the gods to roam, free from the eyes of humans. Like 
mount olympus, or the tops of skyscrapers, or other such moments of home. the
home is upon moongray

2:
18. in gray, with no connections shown to either of the connecting panels, not 
because of a design decision but rather just because this perspective is mostly
focused on it's own, and that's the friendliest and calmest interpretation of 
humanity. just someone who wants to be good in their town, a life lived for no 
lacked renown, but still one that's fine with an office. it reads, in black, the
color of standards, on gray, the color of plackards, "ho hum what a day at the 
office. wonder what time it could be. eh, well, time for lunch it must be. I've
five in my pocket, that's enough for tea, and time's on the docket, for percy
and steve. such pretty clouds today. wonder what life's like in american."

3:
19.

bright blue background, to evoke early Windows style interfaces, like DOS but 
better because it had a UI. or idk like amiga, borland? something like that. 
something I wouldn't have been exposed to if not for the people who hang out on
places like this, who post things about retro hardware and things they're 
working on and projects they're building and things that are inspiring and 
shared cultural nostalgia built upon our shared computer convival

in an orange slanted background with stable white text, there reads "did you 
know" and it's cut off to the next line, which reads "robots are t" with the "t"
possibly suggesting "taking" but there's no evidence one way or another, just
like global warming or capitalism denial. - the next part reads "control kay eye
oh eff" as in it's mispelled as in if someone's typing something really fast and
can't be boethered to fix it because fo that mistake for thall time and memorial
it's forever debated their meaning or whatever. because archaeologists sure know
what they're talking about when they say "these flowers were a mating ritual" or
"that bee is like, totally crazy" or whatever. anyway on the bottom there's a 
broken box, like if someone took a VHS and split it in two, which is suggested
by the yellow text upon a blue and black background which was the color of 
blockbuster video, surely that's not lost to time? tell me we still have 
blockbusters in the future, they're so cool! I have fond memories of them, but
what do you mean th
