content warnings:
1/20 scary-add-more-warnings-later

post:
made this a couple days ago. [thread] 🧵​ part 1/20

1:
the entire picture in one.

2:
1. a crudely drawn picture of America, with outsets for hawaii, alaska, and some
unidentified part of the carribean. there is a text label that says "america"
uncapitalized.

3:
2. red text on a gray background. "everyone in the country has an ip address. 
Often more. Imagine if every address (physical) had a website.

according to the top two google search results, there's somewhere between (in 
orange) seventy five million and one hundred sixty million registered physical 
addresses in the country."

4:
4. a picture of suburbia where all the houses in a line are connected, 
essentially acting as a "node rail" that could deliver packages or messages. run
on open source infrastructure of course, something that everyone could see and 
appreciate. contribute too, if they'd like, but as long as the power rests 
solely in the hands of the people who use it, then nobody can take it from them.
if that power is ever contested, then measures must be taken to overcome it. 
such is the nature of defence - if someone attacks you, you avoid their attacks
and develop a strategy to defeat them. in doing so you both are learning, you 
how to avoid their attacks and them how to patch up their weaknesses. then, in 
an ideal game, you'd have your turn on offense, and you'd overcome your opponent
bit by bit. a slightly different strategy, but one they must adapt to, and teach
you how to be countered. in doing so you both learn, and that is valuable.

anyway, the text on the image says "each address gets an HTML page. whoever
resides at that address can edit it." the text is in the same color as the 
background, as if it was punched out of a piece of paper like a ballot.

next text is black, as in shadows, like the decisionmaking process of the people
who decided the 2004 election between AI. Gore and that other guy. "when they
move, they can register with the post office (or company, if done through 
capitalism)

next is the text "alternatievely, they can only ever be edited at libraries" in 
green & blu
