content-warnings: 
2/20 buncha-stuff

post:
part 2/20

1:
5. bright shocking pink and orange backgrounds. white text, the color of snow 
and the center of the sun (comprised of all the photons) reads "dot dot dot
what" as in like "...what"

then, orange text, same color as the background, contrasted against the color of
the backdrop (which was purpleish pink, the color of substances unknown to
humanity before like, the invention of Paint)

the text reads "right. basically, fb marketplace except... F O S S" meaning F 
free O open S source S software. However, upon clarifying in white text on an
orange background, like the color of the center of the sun (because the photons
received by the outer edges of your eyes is the color of the photons that curved
through your lens and activated your sensory receptors in the backside of your
brain)

anyway, don't look at the sun kids.

the text written in that color reads: free [hastily or poorly drawn ampersand,
meaning "&"], open source (with the first character S being twice as large as 
the others) soures pronounced like sow err sss then the last word adaman 
pronounced like "adamant" without the T, end text, a word meaning incredibly 
strong and metallic. stronger than mithril, depending on the game. Like 
Runescape, one of the classic MMORPGs, a genre that emerged from MUDs with 
graphical enhancements. I mean if you think about it runescape is just a text 
based adventure where you can move as many rooms as you want in one journey and
where each room has "things" you can interact with from there.

2:
6. picture of the sun cast upon a sunset background, with a large tower of 
shadow flanked by images of birds and contrails of airplanes. there is an 
indicator on the blue box meaning someone who is looking at it. don't look at 
the sun!

silly to assume that our perspective of reality is viewed from the same 
direction as a planetary body. anyway the face of the planet in question is
[redacted] (not really but like... I'm redacting it for artistic purposes
because I'm trying to convey a truth with that redaction that is important for 
the viewer and listener to understand. My ears when I type so fast, owwww)

oh the birds are so pretty, like little things that hold their own against
gravity. I'd love to watch them flutter, if only I could see every inch of the
planet.

I wonder if you could design a building to explode such that only a single 
interior building was damaged, and everyone else in the building would only hear
a muffled "boom" but more like "boof" but not quite so fluttery, and more "bang"
but not "ban ggg" but more like "bnf" pronounced "buh nuh fff" except a little
bit more like "bmft" but without each syllable being pronounced at once, more 
like all four together at once.

especially if you had several rooms between them. I mean, if you know when to
open and close the doors so they think their region is inhabited, perfect. but
if they don't know you they just pretend the building is empty... even though 
it's hard to find parking???

anyway theres more but no words

3:
7. gray text on a gray background, as if to suggest the normalcy of concrete 
even though it's made of crushed tiny shells from a billion zillion years ago 
ready and waiting here for this moment, when they can be next to you in this 
life you've taken to, how starlight must seem to a computer!

anyway, the gray text on the gray background reads: "phew, that was weird. ... 
anyway ..." with the dots and the anyway on a slant from one another, as if they
were falling off of the page.

4:
8. strange colors now, of salmon and the smell of mossy rain mixed with 
something a little gross but... natural? I guess?

in the middle is white, like marble, which makes an interesting clickety clack 
noise when you use it on it'self. like a marble chair on a marble floor staring
out onto a marble palace or auditorium or park (tasteful trees included) (like
plums and apricots and cherries and more)

the text reads in black upon this surface, the color of stable ideas. written in
the prose of legalese, words seem to be a little more rely able. except, this
text is not legalese, but rather evoking the same idea through it's 
presentation. it reads "the idea is that if people have a way to engage with 
*everyone* (in italics for emphasis), they'll be more invested in the wellbeing
of their neighbors. (craigslist, but good) with the last half of the "good" cut
off, as if to suggest that it might be rude to present the whole thing, meaning
it'd be better not to take it out of context. as in like, making decisions on 
misleading instructions designed for one thing but executed for another. oh
well, I hope this doesn't take me to hell, I just want to fight for our purpose.
I'm not a warrior, but I'll do in a pinch.

as in "sorry craigslist you're not bad, but like just unfit for this purpose, we
need something fully open source that we can read and understand and which is 
continually abstracted until we *can* understand it without knowing how code 
works sorta like design documents but
