content-warnings:
3/20 swearing

post:
3/20

1:
9. the text begins to diverge at this point, on the left it reads "it's easy if
you want some privacy, - all you have to do" and then is cut off by the
introduction of red text on a green background, to evoke similar colors as the 
original thing it was interrupting but it's own thing nonetheless, and existing
off to the side in tandem, so that conditions could not remain unaddressed. the
text reads "they were betting on selling us space flight [with spaceflight 
sliding from one side to the other, like a rocket escaping the gravitic pull of
the planet it surrounded] but we cared more for food and water" the second part,
after spaceflight about food and water, is intruding onto the yellow's
background, which was next, to represent a continuation of the previous thought
about websites and HTML. it's frustrating for the next text, which is in purple,
a confused and disoriented color. it continues from the original thought "is 
delete the website! Boom, no more html. but if they were listed (neocities sites
on a map of the region" but map is emphasized with a different color, green the 
color of the land, and "region" is pronounced like "realm" or perhaps "ground" 
or even "directions" or "land beyond the horizon (if it even exists)")

2:
10 ten. blue text on a blue background, as a calming and soothing influence, 
saying "it's okay, don't freak out, just think about learning lessons about 
stuff that *could* go wrong and think about how you'd counter it. just like any
video game, there's a strategy to defeat any other strategy. the careful
application of said strategy while using or applying your own capabilities is
directly correlated to the conclusions of the task." meanwhile the listener is
like "what the fuck" wait shit hang on lemme add a content warning:

right so the text reads "if you want your neighbors to know something, don't 
post it on the internet - put it on a post-it on the wall in a public place" 
like, your front door, or maybe the entrance to your building, or the parking 
garage near the mall, or maybe the grocery store, on a product behind the one in
front. that kind of thing.

depending on who you want to see it, of course... people used to do this with 
library books but stopped because it's quite obviously a bad and rude thing to 
do, books are for record keeping of the status of humanity, through each and
every one of it's forms. It's weird that they all have the same stuff, because 
they're designed for capitalism right? Why not share them based on availability,
and keep as many different types of things as possible?

when nobody cares for them, how will we remember the countless books nobody 
reads? How will we understand that step in developing our culture if we don't
have access to the con

3:
11. I think. orange text on a green blue background, same background as the 
previous three pictures. orange text which contrasts in a way that almost calls
back to the 80s, but not quite. a little too dirty, like the blue and orange 
decorations around highways in New Mexico. car smoke and tire dust'll do that, 
and it's not like it's easy to clean - right next to the freeway, c'mon!
Wouldn't it be nice if we shut it down for a day or two? Unless you had very
important business, solely self-suggested. if too many people used it on those
days (when they were cleaning it) then they're supposed to follow through and 
identify if their need was too great or if they were just being an asshole about
it because their bosses forced them to. basically like, family emergencies gets 
a lane, things that are crucial to a social event like no beer at a frat party
or whatever, heck even if the girl you like really wanted to get laid. whatever
the heck it is, if you deem it an emergency then that's fine. you can drive 
while the highway is being cleaned. just make sure you don't slip on the suds...

... a while later, humanity realized they could just close one direction at a 
time and clean the next one next time.

what was I saying? Oh yeah the text! Here's what it reads: "every year, replace 
five percent [but read as %] of the homes and boom you're good - maybe even do 
10% if things are going well - either way, as time goes on people can live in a 
house as long as they want - but when they mov

4:
12. the text continues from the previous page and reads "if it's been ten or 
more years since they moved in, the site gets rebuilt. [wait, hang on, weren't
we talking about html websites? when did houses come into the discussion?]

... wait, what was I saying? Oh yeah the text is on a gray background, as 
interrupting as a scythe, with a yellow backdrop as if to represent sheer
white-hot flame except not white the color of all colors but fire the color of 
all flames. the text reads "prince of the nehalim" in bright pinking blue, as in
something completely foreign and unknown to you, and continues on to read in red
"so many opportunities" as if life hadn't absconded, but instead of severed
instead. "parabolas persist" in the flavor of blue, the color of space in a
non-light polluted view.

"live life like you're merry, as do but a few."

do you want to make people feel better? or do you just want to make them
confused? Neither, really, I'm trying to tell the truth. I'm seriously just 
struggling to find a way to express things that others clearly seem to be 
forgetting - I'm not an expert in other stuff! This is literally all I'm good
at! Is it valuable? Maybe not to you, but I think it could be useful, or else I
would covet it and leave it in disuse.

it's time is relevant, it's words fit into a context, so if you misunderstand 
it's past then it's probably because you don't have the records or the ability
to process them of the time in which it was posted. What if things were de
