content-warnings:
[empty]

post:
4/20

1:
13. here's where it starts to get spicy, and I apologize if it's too extreme,
but words come forth *from* me, not by my perceived designs pronounced deh 
zeens.

top left - yellow, the color of sunflowers and familiarly painted houses, cast
upon a strange pink background - pink the color of sisters and bubblegum. yellow
lines draw a shape, of which it's perspective is hard to configure - but most 
would consider it to be the shape of a mobile, hanging above a crib, with a kite
shaped object (or perhaps multiple individual artifacts) suspended above a 
target. could be an object, or possibly a human subject, but the end result is
that the maximized rays of the individualized emanations of that particular
pieces of object, cast forth onto a pre-programmed piece of toast.

... I don't know why I said toast, what I mean was that you can enchant people
and things by exposing them to the wavelength waves of radiating objects. things
like, marcelline's t-shirt or excalibur or the shroud of turin or the
constitution or some other precious object. if you place them in orbit around an
object, their expressions will send forth to fulfill their manifestations upon
the willfully absorbing object.

have you ever wondered why objects tend to congregate? like, computers flock to 
server mills, trash piles to landfills, and people will wander the length of the
beach. all things are gravitic, function, type, characteristic, motivations,
empathic feelings, all congregate around one another. 0 codes

2:
14. if you think about it, the shape of the universe is kinda like a cornucopia.
or like, a funnel that smoothly increases in size. or like a waterslide ride 
where you spin around a bit before dropping down the center. sometimes
affectionately referred to as "the toilet ride", even though that's just the 
wrong connotation.

we could have perfectly sanitary theme parks, we just... don't... because our 
priorities are on selling stereos and stocks.

anyway, there's several purple lines, the color of blending blue and red, both
colors present in america, cast upon the gray background of the undecideds, 
collectively engaged in a mutual exchange. there is a blue upside down silly 
snake, this time with bright red aviators, and beside it is a scarring wound. 
some break in reality that is unfortunate, but part of their 
interdisciplinaries, so don't worry one bit about it. life may seem far from 
strange, but your lifetimes of finite portrayals and fanciful adaptations to the
expressions of your own emanations both confirm and delight our attentions on
you. Surely you are not aware, of our love and perspective [fair], but we still
love you from afar. how could a star not cherish another star? It's time that's
our only moat.

the reason the universe appears empty of life is because it's impossible to 
travel under the blanket of spacetime. through gravity, up and under our shared
reality, out and beyond to another.

rockets pierce reality, which they didn't expect L O L who would have tht

3:
15. picture of an upside-down triforce placed in a rack like a computer storage
unit. cyan text with pink background reads "this is the only thing that
challenges me"

4:
16 I think? don't really remember the last one. anyway bright green background
with a quite interesting transition fabric display - something textured and 
rippled, like the connections between a torn piece of paper that's been stitched
together bit by bit with a careful and measured hand. the text reads "neocities
sites just need to be attached to an address, and given a useful search browser 
that uses openstreetmaps." this is displayed on a background of brown orange and
yellow, while the text is written in salmon. the result is the text (which 
overflows onto both backgrounds) is equidistant from both background colors,
just in different directions. We know instinctively that purple and blue are
similar, but a blind person might not. these words are given a framing as if 
they were placed in a 3d game engine upon a poster or billboard.

in dark blue upon the bright green background, blue the color of calm
rationality and green the color of aliens from old timey media who live on the
moon. well, the ones who just want to chill and have a beer with you, maybe 
listen to your stories about life in the strange world called humanity, but not
the kind that they tell us about. like, it's really hard to get here, so why 
would they want to mess it up when they got here? such a strange thought. anyway
the text reads: "openstreetmaps is a website that lets you view the addressess
of people who live nearby you. why you'd want them, who can say. the point is 
that the functionality already
